hello everyone welcome to movie geek
today we're gonna talk about a sci-fi
horror movie titled 28 days later
watch out for some spoilers ad
the movie begins with some animal
activists breaking into a research lab
in cambridge
monkeys are being tested with a disease
called rage
after not listening to the helpless
doctors plea do not release the monkeys
one of the activists unlocks one of the
containers and is bit by a monkey
she begins vomiting blood and everyone
becomes infected
[Applause]
[Music]
28 days later
our protagonist jim awakes in an
abandoned hospital
he finds trash everywhere phones off the
hook everything is a wreck he goes
outside only to find london is in even
worse shape
no cars no people no noises
newspaper saying evacuation and things
of the sort
jim goes into a church nearby
he finds a pile of bodies and calls
hello
two of the bodies rise staring at him
with blank expressions
then a priest burst through the door
he along with the other infected chased
jim outside
as he is being chased two people save
him throwing molotov cocktails at his
pursuers
he meets selena and mark a supposed
couple
they find shelter at a nearby shop
selena explains that they are infected
and that any contact with their blood by
touch or ingestion makes you infected
jim wants to know what happened to his
parents
jim visits his parents house
he finds them dead with his picture in
his mom's hand
they stay here for the night jim can't
sleep so he gets up lights a candle and
goes to the fridge
starring at the fridge he imagines that
his parents just came home from
somewhere and he greets them warmly and
has a few words with them
we see the house from outside where the
candle light is clearly visible and a
few shadows zombies obviously run past
towards the house
jim is still daydreaming as the zombies
break through the back door the kitchen
door and attack him his two companions
come to his rescue in a rather confused
and slightly bloody scene
a zombie jumps through the window and
tries to kill jim mark and selena kill
it but mark gets bit selena instantly
kills mark without hesitation
they leave and wander around london and
then they see something christmas lights
on a balcony of a quite high apartment
building they decide to go there they
climb atop a pile of shopping carts
which are some sort of a blockade
against the zombies and they make their
way up the stairs more zombies pursue
them but they are saved by a man dressed
in swat attire
[Music]
he is frank and his daughter is hannah
they live on top of the building
frank begins listening to his radio the
army is calling for everyone to seek
shelter in manchester which is where
they depart to
frank drives them in his taxi they have
to take a dark path under a bridge where
cars and bodies block the way
frank drives through them and makes it
with a flat tire as he changes it
zombies begin to come towards the car
in a very suspenseful scene they get the
tire on and drive off
[Music]
they come to a store and get all the
supplies they need
they drive to a grassy area in the
middle of nowhere and stay the night in
the morning they leave and go by a gas
station
jim goes inside and is confronted by an
infected adolescent who he kills with a
bath
frank gets gas and they leave
when they arrive in manchester they find
it burning and destroyed no people
frank looks for other people and cars
as he sits to think he finds a crow
he shoes it away only to get a drop of
blood in his eye from a dead zombie he
tells his daughter to stay away and as
he transforms soldiers shoot him and
take jim and the others to their hideout
at a secluded mansion like hideout they
are introduced to the soldiers and then
to major west
he shows gym around the house the
kitchen and then in the courtyard where
they have mailer one of their infected
soldiers tied in chains
later that night when they are eating
dinner zombies begin to break into the
compound the soldiers go outside and
take them out
as this happens jim learns the secret
behind the soldier's rapist feelings
towards selena and hannah
major west explains it all the nine
soldiers were already in a desperate
state nine days ago and one of them was
even considering suicide as they faced
this hopeless situation to keep his
troop together the major promised them
women with whom they could build a
future after the virus outbreak was over
when showing jimmy the infected soldier
earlier the major also mentioned that
they primarily kept him to see how long
it would take to starve a zombie to
death
this way they could estimate how long it
would be until the whole thing was over
jin tries to gather up the girls and
escape from the camp to save them from
being raped by the soldiers he is caught
and knocked unconscious
the soldiers take jim out in the force
to kill him but after an unsuccessful
execution attempt jyn gets away
at the house selena and hannah are
trying to get away from the rapist
soldier whose name i don't know so i'll
just call him a rapist back at some kind
of junkyard jim kills one of the
soldiers in major west head's home after
nearly being killed by some grotesque
zombies
as jim arrives at the house on another
level of the house he shoots mailer's
chain and sets him free this begins a
whole chain reaction of mailer killing
soldiers and infecting them who in turn
start killing or infecting other
soldiers
hannah and selena are sitting in a room
as hannah tells the rapist that he'll
die soon
rapist turns to the window only to be
surprised by the maniacal mailer who
infects him they run upstairs while
being chased
jim begins to kill the soldiers and lets
them be killed by zombies hannah hides
from rapist zombies jim saves selena
from another psycho soldier whose eyes
jim gouges out selena thinks that it is
a zombie but realizes its gem
they escape and open the car door only
to find west who shoots jim
henny gets in the car and drives in
reverse
she stops allowing miller to reach west
and pull him out of the car
west is killed and hannah saves jim and
selena
as they drive through the fence the film
progresses
[Music]
28 days later
jim and the others now live in the
middle of a green-filled mountain valley
and a large home
we are now flying over green pastures
probably scotland or somewhere in an
airplane's point of view we are flying
very fast swaying a little bit just as
if we were a fighter plane we just
passed a bridge with some dark spots on
it too fast to see exactly what they are
back on the ground now we see the bridge
where zombies are lying around obviously
very weakened they can barely move but
when the sound of a fighter plane goes
past them they managed to turn their
heads to see what it is
we see jimmy going to the kitchen where
selena is sewing hannah runs into the
house crying they are here they quickly
spread the o of hello which was what
selena was sewing on the ground
the letters are made of cloth the
fighter jet flies past them but seems to
have seen them they all dance in joy
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out